okay hello everybody welcome to the Jays
core dev team weekly sync it's made of
27th of 2019 here we are
I'm Allen you're you
let's do this thing that we do if you
are here please put your name on the
attendees list the clip that I'll put
the links of the hack pearpad in the
chat right now so yeah if you put your
attendee names on there Dirk is already
volunteered to take notes that thank you
dough and what happens now is we go
through a round of updates where we all
tell you each other what we were doing
last week what we are blocked on if
anything so we can get unblocked and
what is the next port of call what we're
going to be doing this week
so let's get started this week Vasco is
on on top of the list so first how would
you like to give us your update yes
hello everyone so last week I work
mostly in the interphase connection
proposal it is ready for review I've
been discussing it with Jacob for a
while because I started integrated it
with GSA between TCP will request that I
believe was there who created it for
integrating the remaining interfaces and
I'm actually during an issue because
basically when we create a connection we
in fact we create we ever stream and
which was before called the rock
connection and I'm basically not sure
what will be the best way for a
developer to just do this initial
iteration because after that we'll just
open new strangers it will be fine but
the first one it's kind of strange and
I'm not seeing really good way of doing
that if we passed a stream in the
constructor or not but so basically I
would like to ask you to review the
prm's provider terms other than
I I worked on with Shane surf guys to
the integration of gossip so basically I
I created PRS for the jelly pages
of HP demon and for the Europe for for
using the their implementation of
passive cell I also found some problems
and I also created a PR for fixing those
in gossip champions and basically I
think we are in a good way and now what
is what we are missing there is
basically interrupt tests for the
integration between floods and gossip
sub nodes stress tests and hopefully
after that we will be ready to twelve
it's in a mode in jelly bean so blog
that I said please review the interface
connection or request and so far this
week I would like to to get the
interface connection to the finish line
and continue working in I think it's
writers work maybe I will suppose to
start working in the foot survey and pub
sub-modules refractor and sync with the
shine safe guys in order to check where
I can help them to get gossip sub to the
finish line that's everything for me any
questions yeah just so personally I'm
gonna have very little time between now
and camp to work on async iterators or
review any refactor work to do with that
so like I think that probably is true
for quite a lot of the team at the
moment and because it's not something
that is critical to getting to IVFs camp
I suggest we kind of you know
tentatively Park that for now and kind
of allow ourselves to work on core camp
or war camp they'll just camp camp stuff
that'll help camp basically rather than
rather than kind of async iterative
stuff for now do you think that's a good
idea
firstly and yeah that's the only
question I had well basically I will be
blocked on it but I have their things
there I can work on so it's not really a
problem for me and yeah and I would you
be blocked I will be blocked in the
basically in in the TCP and the
WebSockets pr's that I would like to
integrate the connection and all the
other ones modules that will appear on
top of them but also I think Jacob may
have some time this week to locate so
I'm not really concerned it was just
more handsome and I can get other things
to do so it's fun okay cool
all right okay you've got a question and
I also don't so far do any camp work so
I can also help with code reviews if you
did cool
okay cool any other questions for that
guy before me move on
alrighty thank you next iPhone this is
Dirk you are not sending that you're
here as am I would you like to give us
your update please yes it's not actually
me it's my my doppelganger um so this
week I was just writing some tests for
garbage collection which is pretty much
ready to go
the only thing left is I'm just trying
to get one of my tests to work in web
work as it works in the browser but some
reason that I'm web workers so just
trying to figure that out and then I
also realized that we're not doing any
mocking when we pin stuff so I created
an issue to to add locking um and
thinking about that over the weekend we
might actually it might benefit from
using reference counting that pin
locking thing but that's something we
can talk about a little bit further in
the issue itself and that's that's it
for me I think
cool Thank You duck any questions okay
doesn't
I have one I just had one fort which is
probably not related but I know that
there is some kind of locking in MF s
for the for the whole web worker purpose
because you have many like potentially
many people accessing the same MF s
route and I just wondered if that was if
that could possibly be a lead to your
problem in web workers in some way yeah
I should take a look at that I mean I've
been using so Alex actually wrote a
library called mortis which is used by
MF s for locking so I've been using that
for the garbage collection work and yeah
in theory that should working where
workers as well so yeah we'll check that
okay it was just a just night it cool
all right I have no other questions
that's very good news it's really good
to see you
well you functionality to come to J's
IVFs that has been in go forever
seemingly but yeah thank you cool all
right okay next up is me so yeah last
week spent a lot of time trying to
getting the 0:36 release out the door is
now released you can read the blog
posters there and then there are a
couple of bug-fix releases to go on top
of it that we found as soon as it was as
soon as it was released so so 36.2 is
now is now and I spent most of the rest
of the week working on my BFS core of
rest camp core course a Content and the
outline for the course is there and so
far I don't think I've had any feedback
to say that it's terrible so that's
that's a relief
and I'm not blocked on anything next up
I'm gonna continue work on the working
on the AFS core course a camp stuff and
I'm the DRI for deep dives so I haven't
asked for everyone on the call and also
anyone who's watching outside of the
call deep dives we need we need more
open
problems for people to discuss at the
deep-dive sessions at ipfs camp so if
you know what the big card open meeting
problems are that you'd like to deep
dive on ipfs camp then please go to this
issue and and register them there so
that we can get them discussed at ipfs
camp and create some good ideas and and
solutions for for that whilst we're
there so yeah if you do have any ideas
then please it would be amazing if you
just noted them down on that issue or I
think it links to a spreadsheet or
something
we whether they're being collated but
really need that content because we need
at least 30 of them because there's so
many attendees so yeah cool thank you
very much for your time and that's me
for this week any questions that go just
a question over working we see the IP of
this game of courses I think there is a
content outline now on the IP fest camp
website there is a I will put a link to
the course folder with all of the with
all of the other courses and stuff when
I can fish it out all right thanks
any other questions
cool all right let's move on
Jim is up next what have you been up to
Jim okay so I professed camp working
with Lydell and if you go on Corsi I did
be about my sort of listening in on them
and giving feedback but hopefully this
week I'll do a little bit more on it
also been sort of keep talking different
people about ideas for these mini
projects and putting them in there it's
starting to build up a bunch of them
talk to you daveed to see if we come up
with a process for actually filtering
through these and sort of figuring out a
green light them the whole thing's
taking me a little bit more time than I
thought to get it off the ground but I
like the issues that have been submitted
so far the biggest problem is for Pierre
Pierre pad launch is ipfs cluster sort
of broke we're saving saving all the
data in tight DFS cluster and thins the
data in there and it was going in this
sort of split brain mode where it talked
when have you talked it you talked to
one half of the cluster the other time
you talked the other half of the cluster
now now when I talk to the cluster can't
even really talk it is just restarting
so cluster teams I don't know if they're
feverishly working on it but they were
definitely very aware of the problem but
the cluster needs to be repaired or
fixed or something so I'm sort of
thinking of perhaps modifying my code so
I pin it into multiple places because
there's some commercial providers that
will also pin ipfs data so maybe so if
you get to give them a little some see
IDs to practice on I can break things in
multiple places and then my file coin
Friday project is also using pure base
and I found a buck increased by doing
that so there's a multiple multiple
value register and great value on Pierre
a great
it'll sync over to Pierre be
overwrite the value on pure be the PBL
say the value is now new value think it
over to P rate go over to PA says you
have two different values that so it's
not supposed to work that way I've done
some debugging and I think I know what
the problem is I mean trying to fix that
this week and so this week mark fest
camps priority but I really want to get
this I really wanna get Kirby coop had
lunched for I think that's because it's
just been around forever and get so I'll
get the pin you're working and daveed
also take me last week and he wants me
to help out a bit with content discovery
and the issues that Andre who's raised
in the issue I should link it for from
TSM if I see one sees in the identity
demo so I love we can talk a bit more
about that as well that's it for me
Oh any questions so Jim all right cool
move on then we have just volker just
last would you like to give us your
update so I've been working a bit on the
EAS I thought the bag protocol buffers
stuff again because currently Alex and I
kind of have the plan to just strip it
down as minimum as possible as you as if
s is the probably only user of it and
just not having the really clean nice
API is but just do the thing it needs to
do and further than this and then I
worked also looked over the multi-format
staff because this fancy things like as
far as I can tell that not the streams
for example isn't actually a thing so
there's no implementation no one's using
it but there's a spec for it and it's a
gift from all the days and just yet try
to clean up there all the marquee form
it's tough because the like IPL team
kind of feels a bit responsible so
there's the lipid repeating feels
responsible for some parts and the I
thought the team for the rest kind of so
I'm I feel a bit like the maintainer of
it currently let's see how this goes
yeah and next week or this week I will
spend time on finally on some GU stuff
again so it's oddly related and I think
I said one point they will get them or
something so it's just yeah for this all
it's just some fancy iPod he'd used us
yeah that's all any questions for vodka
I might have heard you wrong but did you
say boaty stream is not used yes so
there's only multi-stream select which
is a different thing okay and multi
stream has like a long history of being
renamed and in the end it's not a thing
anymore
it seems okay I still find it get agree
so it's an open issue and I still try to
agreement that it as far as I can tell
it's not like it's not a natural thing
but we'll see okay yeah I thought the
multi stream was just
multi-stream among stream select with
the same thing and we definitely use
if dream select yeah so I've this dream
selected as a thing but mark this dream
is not okay all right sometimes okay
thank you okay any other questions or
all right okay then
all right moving on LA we have a
question from Dirk would you like to
rephrase that thing as you're here yes
something I noticed within this garbage
collection tests is that I'm spending a
lot of time just kind of like adjusting
timeouts because things fail on NCI so I
don't know how this how this works like
who maintains UI exactly or the machines
that but I think it's probably gonna
like increase our productivity if we can
kind of match the timing of the test to
our to our laptops and so it's one of
the kind of get people's thoughts about
that yeah be read as far as I'm aware
the the machines are just provided by
Travis I know in circle or like get lamp
you can bring your own machines and I
thought that Travis just provides those
machines and I don't know if Travis
allows you to give them more money and
half pair machines I mean it would be
really cool because the Windows machines
that is run on ice where they're like
raspy pies or something yeah it was
their infrastructure Hugo would know the
most about that but otherwise I would
yeah I mean you just have to ask Travis
yeah cool all right
whoa sorry did anyone else wanna that's
a bat or no I caught it
okay all right and so pretty much done
there's no cross team and there's no one
else here from cross team who wants to
give an update I know I didn't mention
that at the start but
sorry and they lied I was looking good
now if you wanted to say anything no
okay all right so any other notes are
vmx will be out on Thursday the 30th of
May yes Monday okay cool
all right note taken and that's it I
think unless anyone has any other
business we can actually and so when
you're talking about the connection
interface and you mentioned a particular
scenario that you're like trying to
figure out how it would be best to
handle it could you add that into the
issue so we can sort of talk about the
scenario in particular yes I although
that basically daesh's when you thought
it was you created the TCP port quest
right it's basically what happens is
when you when you create a Content when
you do like TCP connect basically you'll
receive the disappea this stream from
nodes API and the bicycle what was
happening before is that it was named
like rock connection and it was used as
naming connection but it was a stream
and now in our at least in my proposal
we abstract the stream for like a future
event and so we do not have that same
anymore so my thought is if we should
add the stream reference to the
constructor or if we should have like an
API a method for that but I will
describe it better in the issue okay
cool
thank you
okay well if we're all done then you can
all have eight minutes of your life back
to squander as you please we're early
there's not many people here because
it's holidays day today so that's the
reason anyway I think we're all done so
thank you very much everyone for
participating and I will see you next
week for another round of tell us what
you've been doing what you do this week
and thanks for coming again and bye
you